mention the rate limiter in the security guides [ci-skip] (#52981)
rails/rails: guides/source/security.md

However, what most web application designers neglect, are the forgot-password pages. These pages often admit that the entered username or e-mail address has (not) been found. This allows an attacker to compile a list of usernames and brute-force the accounts.

In order to mitigate such attacks, you can use rate limiting. Rails comes with a
built-in [rate-limiter](https://edgeapi.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionController/RateLimiting/ClassMethods.html#method-i-rate_limit). You can enable it in your sessions controller with a single line:

```
class SessionsController < ApplicationController
  rate_limit to: 10, within: 3.minutes, only: :create
end
```

Refer to the [API documentation](https://edgeapi.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionController/RateLimiting/ClassMethods.html#method-i-rate_limit) for details about the various parameters.

Additionally, you can _display a generic error message on forgot-password pages, too_. Moreover, you can _require to enter a CAPTCHA after a number of failed logins from a certain IP address_.

> Note, however, that all of these mitigation techniques are not a bullet-proof solution against automatic programs, because these programs may change their IP address exactly as often. However, it raises the barrier of an attack.

Reviewer: Maybe [format](https://edgeguides.rubyonrails.org/ruby_on_rails_guides_guidelines.html#note) this as a NOTE as well?
```suggestion
NOTE: All of these mitigation techniques are not a bullet-proof solution against automatic programs, because these programs may change their IP address exactly as often. However, it raises the barrier of an attack.
```

However, what most web application designers neglect, are the forgot-password pages. These pages often admit that the entered username or e-mail address has (not) been found. This allows an attacker to compile a list of usernames and brute-force the accounts.

> In order to mitigate such attacks, you can use rate limiting. Rails comes with a

Reviewer: Rate limiting targets brute-force specifically, so maybe mention that?
```suggestion
In order to mitigate brute-force attacks, you can use rate limiting. Rails comes with a
```
Also, the NOTE above should probably mention rate-limiting as well?

Author: It also helps to mitigate credential stuffing, user name enumeration and similar attack vectors.

built-in [rate-limiter](https://edgeapi.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionController/RateLimiting/ClassMethods.html#method-i-rate_limit). You can enable it in your sessions controller with a single line:

```
class SessionsController < ApplicationController
  rate_limit to: 10, within: 3.minutes, only: :create
end
```

Refer to the [documentation](https://edgeapi.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionController/RateLimiting/ClassMethods.html#method-i-rate_limit) for details about the various parameters.

> Additionally, you can _display a generic error message on forgot-password pages, too_. Moreover, you can _require to enter a CAPTCHA after a number of failed logins from a certain IP address_. Note, however, that this is not a bullet-proof solution against automatic programs, because these programs may change their IP address exactly as often. However, it raises the barrier of an attack.

Reviewer: The "generic error message" fix might be missing some context now, with the new "rate-limiting" paragraph.

Rate-limiting can also be circumvented by changing IP addresses, just like "requiring a CAPTCHA after a number of failed logins from a certain IP".

Author: Good point. I changed that part. What do you think about it now?
